For those who have no access to SillyTavern on a computer, I have a free way to get you have a free installation of SillyTavern from Google colab.

Create a brand new google account, create a new profile on your chrome browser based on this new account.

go to https://colab.research.google.com/

upper right corner click on Sign in with your new google account, connect to the Google drive when prompt

Click new laptop

Copy the code below and paste into the text box in the new laptop

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KritBlade/ArtificRealm/refs/heads/main/colab_sillytavern/code.txt

6. Click the triangle play button once, it usually take a couple minutes before you see point 7.

7. you should see something like below

⏳ Waiting for link (approx 10s)...

You will see a link here generated by Colab.

Click on the link, you now have a SillyTavern for free on the cloud. you can use your phone to access that link to have a full feature Sillytavern that can install extension. The catch is that each session only last 12 hours. So, you will have to go back to https://colab.research.google.com/ and press the "play" button again. And you will be given a new link to click on. The 2nd time when you play the laptop, it usually take less than 1 minute to turn the "laptop" back on.

Moreover, you still need an account from AI provider like openrouter to have access to Gemini 3.0 flash. The Google colab just give you a platform to install Sillytavern. Low end AI model doesn't work well with this character card anyway.

Although each session only last maximum for 12 hours, but data is persistent, when you turn back on the laptop, all your data is still there.